# CS-330-Computational-Graphics-and-Visualization

1. Justify development choices for your 3D scene
2. Explain how a user can navigate your 3D scene
3. Explain the custom functions in your program that you are using to make your code more module and organized.

One of the most important aspects of programming that I've learned in this course is to have organized code. I've had basic programming courses in the past, and although I already understood that it's important to line up the code so it all matches up physically, I never really got the idea of declaring global vs local varibales and using them in methods to create an efficient program. Although I'm still learning the best way to do this in different programs, I think these skills will help me alot in my future endeavors. An example of this is drawing each object in my scene and associating that objects texture before moving on to the next object. This helped me stay organized and know which object had which teture. An existing programming methodology which I practiced during this course was to code early and debug often. By writing/editing large amounts of code then running the code, I found myself getting really frustrated seeing how many errors I had. I quickly started to update single lines of code to ensure I could figure out any errors. This helped minimize any risk I had and spending too much time debugging.
As previously mentioned, the skills I havce gained in this course will help continue advance my computer science goals in becomming a software developer. I understand that this profession requires an attention to detail, keeping organized code that others can use, and running code as often as possible in order to rule out errors. I have found throughtout this course that the methods will make a software developer a successful one.
